Manich- future engineers- Lebanon

Engineering materials of our Manich self-driven vehicle's model participating in the WRO Future Engineers competition in the season 2022:
arduino uno, battery, the model consisted of two bases, an extension board, cables, 4 motors, color sensors, ultrasonic sensor, 4 wheels, a H bridge, and a camera.

## Introduction
In order to creat an autonomus AI, it must become independent from humans. We followed this concept to try and creat a car that does not requier human aid. We develloped our project by keeping in mind that this car should function in any cituation. So what was our idea? Its very simmple an ultra sonic sensor at the front to detect a wall and another one at a random side of the car(right or left). The sensor on the front is used ro detect any obstacel that may be infront of the vehicle while the other one is used to detect the distance between the car and another obstacle. So let's say the vehicul has to turn because he detected a wall infront of him(using the sensor at the front), he will proceed by checking the value of the other sensor, if the value is lets say less than 5 meters (in our case centimeters) the car will turn in the opposit direction of the sensor and if the value would be above 5 meters it will turn in the direction of the sensor. Now you might ask why didn't just put another sensor one on each side, well we kept in mind that in case of production a producer would want to reduce the cost of production wich in this case to reduce the amount of part to the essencial. So this is basicaly our entire project, what are you're thoughts?
